yes
you
yes hi hi Michael and I've got something
to deliver to you I wasn't expecting
anything from no one and you doesn't
seem as an ordinary messenger but not
but we'd better get inside it would be
unpleasant to be seen here together and
not for me trust me on that I mean all
this is just strange come in let's
resolve this as fast as we can
what is it I don't know I just had to
bring it to you and see you opening it
who's from if you go to turn I ask
myself every day the same question so
you're just a messenger they pay you you
don't know still you look like something
the Uyghurs other motivation the count
yeah I have cool but this isn't of a
denial of us now I have no relevance
here you just check it in my experience
everything start from there all will
discover after
world keeps spinning faster and faster a
fifties
amor my studies center here in my hands
you're mine
you
a drink God knows I need one a glass of
water will do everything is fine yeah
I'm coming
what do those parts mean you should tell
me do they have a meaning for you listen
carefully I receive a phone call what I
need something to bring that's all but I
have myself is it some kind of joke
maybe those parts or something else and
then broke it into pieces but why do you
know and you remember